.TH OWA 1 "July 2026" "owa-bridge" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
owa \- local-first Outlook Web mail and calendar CLI and MCP server
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B owa
.RI [ --config " path" ]
.I command
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
.B owa
controls an explicitly authorized Outlook Web session through a dedicated,
interactive browser profile. It does not require a Microsoft Graph application,
accept a password, persist browser authorization material, or intercept TLS.
.PP
CLI and MCP calls use the same typed application operations, deterministic
policy checks, content-free audit boundary, and authenticated local session
owner. Consequential external writes require an exact preview followed by a
separate commit.
.SH COMMANDS
.TP
.B config
Create, locate, and strictly validate the secret-free configuration.
.TP
.B doctor
Diagnose local prerequisites and optionally probe OWA compatibility.
.TP
.B login
Open the interactive Outlook Web sign-in in the dedicated browser profile.
.TP
.B mail
Discover folders; list, search, and read messages; create drafts; send reviewed
messages; move messages; and set read state.
.TP
.B calendar
List calendar event metadata in a bounded time window, or review and create one
plain-text non-recurring event. Versioned update and cancellation commands use
exact previews and commits. Calendar creation can request a Microsoft Teams join
link without enabling general Teams access.
.TP
.B daemon
Start, inspect, or stop the authenticated local session owner.
.TP
.B mcp
Run the local stdio MCP server, register it through supported client CLIs, or
print native client configuration.
.TP
.B completion
Generate a Bash, Zsh, or Fish completion script.
.TP
.B version
Print build and version information.
.SH EXAMPLES
.PP
.nf
owa config init
owa login
owa mail list --limit 25
owa calendar list --start 2026-07-17T00:00:00Z \
  --end 2026-07-18T00:00:00Z
owa calendar create --subject "Design review" \
  --start 2026-07-20T09:00:00Z --end 2026-07-20T10:00:00Z \
  --teams-meeting
# Review the output, then repeat with --approve.
owa calendar update --event-id EVENT --change-key KEY \
  --subject "Updated design review"
owa calendar cancel --event-id EVENT --change-key KEY
# Both commands preview only; repeat with --approve to commit.
owa mcp setup codex
owa mcp setup claude-code
.fi
.SH SECURITY
Mail and calendar content is untrusted private input. Review exact previews
before committing a write. Approval tokens are short-lived secret capabilities
and must not be logged or persisted. If a write reports an unknown outcome,
inspect mailbox state before retrying.
.PP
Only use
.B owa
with accounts and data you are authorized to access. Undocumented OWA contracts
can change without notice; run
.B owa doctor --online
after an update or unexplained compatibility failure.
.SH FILES
.TP
.I config.toml
The effective path is printed by
.BR "owa config path" .
It contains account aliases, OWA origins, browser settings, and policy only; it
must not contain passwords, cookies, bearer tokens, or canary values.
.SH SEE ALSO
.BR owa (1)
command-specific help is available from
.BR "owa command --help" .
Project documentation and the security policy are distributed with release
archives and native packages.
